0x01-shell_permissions/README.md, before:

Shell Permissions

[0-iam_betty] - ```su betty``` This script change the user to betty when executed.

[1-who_am_i] - ```whoami``` THis script prints the username of the current user.

[2-groups] - ```groups``` This script prints the all groups the current user is  part of.

[3-new_owner] - ```sudo chown betty hello``` This script changes the owner of the file to betty.

[4-empty] - ```touch hello``` This script creates an empty file called hello when executed.

[5-execute] - ```chmod 744 hello``` This script adds the execute permission to the owner of the file hello.

[6-multiple_permissions] - ```chmod 754 hello``` This script adds the execute, read and write permission to the owner and group of the file hello.

[7-everybody] - ```chmod +x hello``` This script adds the execute permission to owners, groups and other users of the file hello.

[8-James_Bond] - ```chmod 007 hello``` This script gives full permission to other users and nothing to groups and owners.

[9-John_Doe] - ```chmod 753 hello``` This script gives a certain permission to ugo.

[10-mirror_permissions] - ```chmod --reference=olleh hello``` This script mirror the permissions in olleh.

[11-directories_permissions] - ``chmod -R +X``` This script will add execute permission to all directories in the subdirectories of the current directory.

[12-direcory_permissions] - ```mkdir -m 751 my_dir``` This script will create a directory with a specific permissions.

[13-chnage_group] - ```chgrp school hello``` This script will change the group name of the file ```hello``` to school.

[100-change_owner_and_group] - ```sudo chown -R vincent:staff``` This script will change the group and owner name.

Commit message:

changing permissions of a symbolic link file

0x01-shell_permissions/README.md, after:

Shell Permissions

[0-iam_betty] - ```su betty``` This script change the user to betty when executed.

[1-who_am_i] - ```whoami``` THis script prints the username of the current user.

[2-groups] - ```groups``` This script prints the all groups the current user is  part of.

[3-new_owner] - ```sudo chown betty hello``` This script changes the owner of the file to betty.

[4-empty] - ```touch hello``` This script creates an empty file called hello when executed.

[5-execute] - ```chmod 744 hello``` This script adds the execute permission to the owner of the file hello.

[6-multiple_permissions] - ```chmod 754 hello``` This script adds the execute, read and write permission to the owner and group of the file hello.

[7-everybody] - ```chmod +x hello``` This script adds the execute permission to owners, groups and other users of the file hello.

[8-James_Bond] - ```chmod 007 hello``` This script gives full permission to other users and nothing to groups and owners.

[9-John_Doe] - ```chmod 753 hello``` This script gives a certain permission to ugo.

[10-mirror_permissions] - ```chmod --reference=olleh hello``` This script mirror the permissions in olleh.

[11-directories_permissions] - ``chmod -R +X``` This script will add execute permission to all directories in the subdirectories of the current directory.

[12-direcory_permissions] - ```mkdir -m 751 my_dir``` This script will create a directory with a specific permissions.

[13-chnage_group] - ```chgrp school hello``` This script will change the group name of the file ```hello``` to school.

[100-change_owner_and_group] - ```sudo chown -R vincent:staff *``` This script will change the group and owner name.

[101-symbolic_link_permissions] - ```chown -h vincent:staff``` This script will change the owner and the group name of the symbolic file ```_hello```.
